-readme.txt: This is the text document
-Main.py: The main code for the game
-plotting.py		  :Python file to for plotting the generated data
-losing the game SS.png   :Screenshot of losing the game
-lost case.png	 	  :Screenshot of losing the game(visualization)
-Winning SS.png 	  :Screenshot of winnning the game
-Winning Case SS.png	  :Screenshot of data visualization winning case
-losing the game SS 2.png :Screenshot of data visualization
-Testing.png 		  :Screenshot of testing the game


How TO PLAY

In the land of“PRINCE OF PERSIA: SANDS OF TIME” where the holy city of Alamut resides the Sands of Time,gives mortals the power to turn back time. 
After leading an attack on the city, Dastan (The Devil), the adopted son of Persia's king, acquired a 
dagger that gives the one who holds it access to the Sands. The Prince needs to traverse through 5 rooms 
to protect the ancient treasure from dark forces and unmask the king's assassin by killing Dastan!
Through each room the player will be given 5 options and he has to select one option which will mark his way to win the treasure chest.


HOW TO WIN

________________________

Inorder to win the game, the player needs to go through the following path:

1)The player will initially arrive at The Great Hall! 
In this room,he will have to pass through a troll of weapons and armor.If the player wants 
an entry to the next room then he needs to pick a shield.

2)The second level that the player needs to play is the Dungeon!
 In this room, he has to search for the “MAGIC POUCH”.The magic pouch will give the player an 
opportunity to go to the next room.

 
3)The third room is the Garden Area!
 In this room, the player needs to “SOLVE THE PUZZLE”. If the player is able to solve the puzzle then 
only he wins the opportunity to gain the Treasure Chest and go to the next room.


 
4)The game then takes the player closer to the winning condition by entering the next room.
In this room,the player needs to find the water sword which will be needed to kill Dastan in the next room. 

5)The player then enters The Time Chambers! 
This is the final room and last chance for the player to win the game. 
In this room the player has to kill the Dastan using the water sword that will help him win the treasure chest.
 

HOW TO LOSE

----------------------------

As the player passes through the rooms, he has to select any one option from the given 5 options.
The most commom way to lose the game is 
1)if the player is not able to select the correct option. That would be by donating health points 
and moving forward in the game. This might take the player to the next room but that would increase the chances of the player
to lose the game.

2)Another possibility to lose is if the player is unable to solve the puzzle.

3)If the player chooses an incorrect/invalid option that also leads to a losing condition.

4)If the player selects the option to collect gold coins that would only update to his utility and his chances to win the 
game would be less

5)By selecting options such as dodging the monster and unable to find the key to unlock the treasure chest may also lead to a
losing condition.  








